Improve performance and correctness of chrome debugging (#2373)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

x.x.x Release notes (yyyy-MM-dd)
=============================================================
### Enhancements

> * Improve performance when using Chrome Debugging with React Native by adding caching and reducing the number of RPC calls required. Read-heavy workflows are as much as 10x faster. Write-heavy workflows will see a much smaller improvement, but also had a smaller performance hit to begin with. (PR: ([#2373](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/2373))).

Reviewer: We have https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/491, and even if this PR doesn't solve it all, I suggest that we mention the issue.

### Fixed
* <How to hit and notice issue? what was the impact?> ([#????](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/????), since v?.?.?)

> * Opening a query-based Realm using `new Realm` did not automatically add the required types to the schema when running in Chrome, resulting in errors when trying to manage subscriptions. (PR: ([#2373](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/2373))).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Opening a query-based Realm using `new Realm` did not automatically add the required types to the schema when running in Chrome, resulting in errors when trying to manage subscriptions. ([#2373](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/2373), since v2.15.0)
```

* The Chrome debugger did not properly enforce read isolation, meaning that reading a property twice in a row could produce different values if another thread performed a write in between the reads. This was typically only relevant to synchronized Realms due to the lack of multithreading support in the supported Javascript environments. (PR: ([#2373](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/2373))).

> * The RPC server for Chrome debugging would sometimes deadlock if a notification fired at the same time as a Realm function which takes a callback was called. (PR: ([#2373](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/2373))).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The RPC server for Chrome debugging would sometimes deadlock if a notification fired at the same time as a Realm function which takes a callback was called. ([#2373](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/pull/2373), since v1.0.0)
```

Reviewer: I think sync support for RN was added in v1.0.0 (or some beta before that) - and this potential deadlock might have been there from the beginning.

Author: The handling of callbacks has changed a few times over the years. This specific deadlock was something I introduced the last time I touched it, but the problematic scenario didn't actually work before that and would have just broken in a different way.

### Compatibility

> * Realm Object Server: 3.11.0 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Realm Object Server: 3.21.0 or later.
```
